Analysis

Scores by School Type:-
From Scores by School Type(type_summary), it can be concluded that Charter schools have higher scores in both math and reading compared to District schools. It also have higher percentages of students passing both math and reading, as well as a higher overall passing percentage. Specifically, the average math score for Charter schools is 83.47 whereas for District schools it is 76.96. The average reading score for Charter schools is 83.90 whereas average reading score of District schools is 80.97. In terms of percentage of students passing, Charter schools have 93.62% of students passing math, compared to 66.55% for District schools. Similarly, Charter schools have 96.59% of students passing reading,compared to 80.80% for District schools. Finally, the overall passing percentage for Charter schools is 90.43% compared to only 53.67% for District schools. Overall, from the Scores by School Type, it can be concluded that Charter schools perform better than District schools in terms of average test scores and percentage of students passing.

School Summary:-
From School Summary(per_school_summary), it can be concluded that charter schools generally outperformed district schools in terms of student achievement. The average math and reading scores, as well as the percentage of students passing both subjects, were higher for charter schools compared to district schools. Additionally, the per-student budget for charter schools was generally lower than for district schools, suggesting that charter schools may be more efficient in their use of resources. 

